README.md, before:

# cityExplorer2301-server


# City Explorer Api

**Author**: Yaser Al-ananbeh
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->
this API will render the backend data and return the weather json file data to any request 

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->
This API can access from the city explorer app
## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->
Node js , Express js
## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an example:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource. -->

Name of feature: 1. Set up your server repository.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1hour

Start time: 3:30

Finish time: 4:15

Actual time needed to complete: 45min

Name of feature: 2. Weather (placeholder): As a user of City Explorer, I want to see weather info for the city I searched, so that I know how to pack for an upcoming trip.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2hour

Start time: 4:30

Finish time: 7:00

Actual time needed to complete: 2:30


Name of feature: 3. Errors (revisited): As a user, I want clear messages if something goes wrong so I know if I need to make any changes or try again in a different manner.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2hour

Start time: 7:00

Finish time: 9:00

Actual time needed to complete: 2:00


Name of feature: 4. Weather (live): As a user of City Explorer, I want to see weather info for the city I searched, so that I know how to pack for an upcoming trip.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2hour

Start time: 7:30

Finish time: 10:00

Actual time needed to complete: 2:30


Name of feature: 5. Movies: As a user of City Explorer, I want to see info about movies related to the city I searched, so that I can learn more about the destination.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2hour

Start time: 2:30

Finish time: 4:00

Actual time needed to complete: 1:30

## Credit and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->

Commit message:

change the readme file and finish the lab rewquirments

README.md, after:

# cityExplorer2301-server


# City Explorer Api

**Author**: Yaser Al-ananbeh
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->
this API will render the backend data and return the weather json file data to any request 

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->
This API can access from the city explorer app
## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->
Node js , Express js
## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an example:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource. -->

Name of feature: 1. Set up your server repository.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1hour

Start time: 3:30

Finish time: 4:15

Actual time needed to complete: 45min

Name of feature: 2. Weather (placeholder): As a user of City Explorer, I want to see weather info for the city I searched, so that I know how to pack for an upcoming trip.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2hour

Start time: 4:30

Finish time: 7:00

Actual time needed to complete: 2:30


Name of feature: 3. Errors (revisited): As a user, I want clear messages if something goes wrong so I know if I need to make any changes or try again in a different manner.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2hour

Start time: 7:00

Finish time: 9:00

Actual time needed to complete: 2:00


Name of feature: 4. Weather (live): As a user of City Explorer, I want to see weather info for the city I searched, so that I know how to pack for an upcoming trip.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2hour

Start time: 7:30

Finish time: 10:00

Actual time needed to complete: 2:30


Name of feature: 5. Movies: As a user of City Explorer, I want to see info about movies related to the city I searched, so that I can learn more about the destination.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2hour

Start time: 2:30

Finish time: 4:00

Actual time needed to complete: 1:30


Name of feature: 6.Refactor: Modularize the back-end codebase.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1hour

Start time: 9:00

Finish time: 9:30

Actual time needed to complete: 30min



Name of feature: 7. Refactor: Componentize the front-end codebase.

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1hour

Start time: 9:30

Finish time: 10:00

Actual time needed to complete: 30min

## Credit and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
